welcome to corrido today we'd like to
show you how easy it is to assemble our
model sport Rex one in addition we'll
show you what functions the bike trailer
has the basic equipment of sport Rex one
consists of an aluminum frame with a
drawbar and a coupling device - 20 inch
wheels a nine-inch buggy wheel with a
jogger function a push handlebar and a
safety flag to set up the frame lift the
rear cover upwards and pull the crossbar
of the frame towards you until it clicks
into place
please close the cover on both sides
with the head of the hook and loop
fasteners and the toggle closures
the wheels can be unlocked at the touch
of a button just press the center of the
button and insert the wheel into the
axle receiver until it clicks into place
the buggy wheel can be mounted quickly
and uncomplicated Li to unlock the
quick-release skewer and put the buggy
wheel into the dedicated buggy wheel
socket afterwards just tighten the
quick-release again the handlebar is
fixed to the frame it serves as a
rollover protection and thus provides
additional safety please leave it
attached to the bike trailer at all
times
the push handlebar is easily adjustable
in height
with a safety flag you will always be
seen well on the road
sport ryx one has an integrated rain and
wind cover
a removable sunshade is also included in
the basic equipment when strolling
jogging or using the trailer as a buggy
you can easily open the protective cover
completely the ventilation of sport rx1
guarantees an excellent air circulation
a useful complement the pocket for
incidentals and the generous storage
space for luggage and other items
sport rex-1 thus becomes a useful
traveling companion
you can easily operate the fixing brake
with your foot in the waterproof fuj and
seating area the bottom is reinforced
with integrated protection plates the
aluminium crossbars also provide safety
and stability
everything can be retightened easily
please pull all the belts tight because
they are responsible for the stable
backrest of the seat for use as a
trailer or as a buggy the drawbar can be
conveniently swung in or out
mount the safety wings on the left and
the right side of the frame there is
nothing to worry about if your bike
falls over thanks to the two-part safety
coupling device of the drawbar the
trailer remains upright fix the metal
coupling device to the rear axle of the
bike and connect it with a drawbar
the suspension of the wheels can be
easily adjusted by turning the disk
our adjustable headrests well adapt
themselves to any height the querido
five-point belt system resembles that of
child car seats all children whether
they are big or small can be
conveniently strapped in with it
the angle of the backrest is adjustable
for adjustment just loosen the screws on
both sides after changing the position
please tighten up the belts again at the
back
where can you place the drinking bottle
right just put it into this useful
pocket
we wish you a lot of fun with a querido
sport Rex one-child bike trainer